<INGREDIENTS>

- 4 medium eggs
- 1 tablespoon of sugar
- 1 tablespoon of koikuchi soy sauce
　(Dark color soy sauce such as saishikomi soy sauce is preferable)

<PREPARATION>

1. Preparing the ingredients and the tools

　Prepare eggs, sugar and soy sauce.　As for soy sauce, use koikuchi soy sauce or it will be best if you have a darker colored soy sauce called saishikomi soy sauce or tamari soy sauce.

　*Atsuyaki tamago in soba restaurants is very tasty because they use a special sauce, which is a mixture of soy sauce and mirin blended and matured.　Of course, at home we do not have that kind of special sauce, so we will use the darker and stronger flavored soy sauce instead.　If you only have the common koikuchi soy sauce, you can add a little bit of mirin.

　Also prepare some kitchen papers for adding oil while cooking and a bamboo rolling mat to form the Atsuyaki tamago after it is cooked.　And you will also need a non-stick frying pan or a properly-seasoned pan.


2. Mixing the eggs

　Beat the eggs lightly with chopsticks.　Mush up the yolk and beat lightly so that it does not become foamy and then add soy sauce and sugar.　If you find a big lump of egg white, scoop it up with chopsticks to blend in with the egg mixture.

3.Cooking the first portion

　Heat over medium.　Put in the oil to cover the entire pan.　Wait until the pan is well heated.　Check to see if it is ready by dropping the egg mixture in the pan with the end of a chopstick.　If you hear the sound of it cooking and see that it instantly sets, it is ready.

　After checking, put 1/4 of the egg mixture in the pan and spread evenly.　If the egg mixture starts to bubble, break the bubbles using the end of the chopsticks and make sure that the egg mixture is heated evenly.

When the egg white begins to set, roll the egg mixture from the back towards you using the chopsticks.　After making the roll, slide it back again and put oil in the exposed part of the pan.

4.Cooking the rest of the portion

　Pour the egg mixture into the exposed part of the pan. Spread the egg mixture by lifting the cooked egg roll to allow the egg mixture to run underneath.

　Repeat the first procedure.　When the egg mixture starts to set, roll it from the back toward you and then slide it back.　Put oil in the exposed part of the pan and put the egg mixture again into the pan.　After putting the egg mixture several times, cook the egg roll until the surface is browned according to your preference.

　Cooking Atsuyaki tamago is relatively simple, so you just need to practice several times until you become skillful.

5.Forming the Atsuyaki tamago

　If the egg roll is out of shape, you can roll it up lightly using the bamboo rolling mat.　Leave it for a while to set and it is ready to eat.

　Sweet and lightly-browned, Atsuyaki tamago is best served with grated daikon radish and soy sauce.